CISC 3300 F24 
Homework 5 
1. What is HTTP? What are the different HTTP request methods and how do they differ? 
Http stands for hyper text transfer protocol. HTTP is a protocol for fetching resources such as HTML documents or JSON data. It is the foundation of any data exchange on the Web and it is a client-server protocol, which means requests are initiated by the recipient, usually the Web browser.

GET - should only ever retrieve data
POST - submits an entity to the specified resource, often causing a change in state or side effects on the server - usually creating a new resource
PUT - method replaces all current representations of the target resource with the request payload - update everything for a resource
PATCH - partially modify a resource - not really used much, put is more common for modifying resources
DELETE - delete a resource

2. What is an API? What is JSON? 
API stands for application programming interface. It is a way for two or more computer programs or components to communicate with each other.
JSON stands for JavaScript Object Notation. It is an open standard file format and data interchange format that uses human-readable text to store and transmit data objects consisting of attribute-value pairs and arrays (or other serializable values).


3. What is AJAX? What is meant by asynchronous code? 
AJAX stands for Asynchronous JavaScript And XML. It allows web pages to be updated asynchronously by exchanging data with a web server behind the scenes. This means that it is possible to update parts of a web page, without reloading the whole page. Asynchronous code allows code to run in the background without blocking the execution of other code. Basically code blocks to execute at a future point in time.

4. What is REST and what are resources? If my application had a concept called posts and was designed in a RESTful way, what would the URI and HTTP request method be to:
 a. retrieve multiple posts 
URL: /posts
HTTP: GET
b. retrieve a single post 
	URL: /posts/{id}
	HTTP: GET
c. save a post 
	URl: /posts
	HTTP: POST
d. update a post 
URL: /posts/{id}
HTTP: PUT
REST is not a protocol or a standard, but an architectural style of organizing our code so that requests act upon resources in a standardized way.
Any information that can be named can be a resource: a document or image, a temporal service (e.g. “today’s weather in Los Angeles”), a collection of other resources, a non-virtual object (e.g., a person), and so on.
In other words, any concept that might be the target of an author’s hypertext reference must fit within the definition of a resource.
A resource is a conceptual mapping to a set of entities, not the entity that corresponds to the mapping at any particular point in time.

5. Define hoisting and closures in JS. 
	Hoisting is variables and functions within each execution context are created before they are executed.
Closures are the ability of a function to remember the variables and functions that are declared in its outer scope.
